[DOCS-10730] Add note and verification section to AWS PrivateLink (#30465)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/private-link.md

{{% /site-region %}}

## Verify that data is being sent using PrivateLink

After setting up PrivateLink, to verify that data is getting sent using PrivateLink, run the `dig` command on a machine that is on that VPC. For example, run this command if you had set up a PrivateLink for the endpoint `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`:

```
dig http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com
```

> If logs are being sent over PrivateLink, the `ANSWER Section` section of the output shows `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com` like this:

Reviewer: We might want to note it won't be these exact IP addresses, simply that they will be in private IP space.

Author: ```suggestion
If logs are being sent over PrivateLink, the `ANSWER Section` section of the output shows `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com` like the following example. **Note**: The IP addresses you see are going to be different.
```

Author: Thanks! Revised and added a note.

```
;; ANSWER SECTION:
http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com.	60 IN	A	172.31.57.3
http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com.	60 IN	A	172.31.3.10
http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com.	60 IN	A	172.31.20.174
http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com.	60 IN	A	172.31.34.135
```

> If logs are not being sent over PrivateLink, the `ANSWER SECTION` of the output shows the load balancer (`4-logs-http-s1-e721f9c2a0e65948.elb.us-east-1.amazonaws.com.`) to which the logs are getting sent.

Author: ```suggestion
If logs are not being sent over PrivateLink, the `ANSWER SECTION` of the output shows the load balancer (`4-logs-http-s1-e721f9c2a0e65948.elb.us-east-1.amazonaws.com`) to which the logs are getting sent.
```
